Make :reproducible-resource-limit standards-compliant (#1353)
OCamlPro/alt-ergo: CHANGES.md

## unreleased

 - Added support for the `:reproducible-resource-limit` and
   `--reproducible-resource-limit` options, following the SMT-LIB standard
   (#1353)

   The reproducible resource limit was previously using a time-based limit,
   which does not respect the reproducibility criterion outlined in the SMT-LIB

>    standard. It now defines a per-goal step limit, which apply in addition to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   standard. It now defines per-goal step limits, which apply in addition to
```

Author: I think "per-goal step limits" is ambiguous (it hints at there being possibly different (numerical) limits for each goal), so I prefer my phrasing.

Reviewer: Good point, in that case:
```suggestion
   standard. It now defines a per-goal step limit, which applies in addition to
```
